Some fixes (#18)
Quantumshark/ES-Naltok: data/map planets.txt

> planet Arcadia

Reviewer: This planet shouldn't actually be here at all; the system it's in was removed when I moved Naltok space and scrapped the wormhole.

	"required reputation" 25

planet "Kuragu Xochet"
	attributes quarg station ringworld "naltok quarg"
	landscape land/station33
	description `This Quarg ringworld is roughly half complete, the result of more than five millenia of work. Construction here began at around the same time as work began on the Great Pyramids of Egypt back on Earth, and continued throughout the rise and fall of Babylon, Greece, Rome and countless other human civilizations - a testament to the stability and persistence of the Quarg and their society.`
	description `	Other than the extension of the backbone of the ring, it appears that much of the work being carried out here is centred around establishing hydroponic farms and the other infrastructure required to allow the ring to support permanent habitation.`
	spaceport `The spaceport is bustling with activity, but almost all of it is directly connected to the construction work here. Whole areas are almost unused, but still staffed, while passing through a single door or even walking across a room often leaves you in the middle of a dense crowd of Quarg, many of them Skylark crew and captains looking for their next cargo assignment.`

> 	spaceport `	The few Naltok who have decided to spend some time here despite the absence of the pools of water favored in their own buildings greet you as you pass through, but neither you nor they are inclined to stay for longer than required.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	spaceport `	The few Naltok who have decided to spend some time here despite the absence of the pools of water favored in their own buildings greet you as you pass through, but neither you nor they are inclined to stay for longer than necessary.`
```

planet Ngakego
	attributes factory naltok urban
	landscape land/city7
	description `Ngakego is by far the largest shipyard in Telashki space, as well as being one of the more populous planets. The warships assembled here mostly go on to join the defenses on Kolxacha, while many of the freighters built here are back within days carrying fresh components.`

> 	spaceport `The spaceport here, like many Naltok buildings, is filled with about a foot of lukewarm water. For the Naltok this is essential, in order to prevent their skin from drying out in the air, but for humans and any other visitors this is inconvenient and highly unpleasant. Unlike many other Naltok buildings however, this building has "Visitor paths" which are almost entirely dry, allowing humans and Alphas to traverse most of the spaceport in comfort.`

Reviewer: Should `humans` be capitalised as well? It seems odd to have humans lowercase and alphas capitalised, particularly when they're right next to each other in the sentence.

Author: I'm pretty sure that proper English decapitalizes it, and that is the convention followed by the rest of the game as well.

Reviewer: Would it not follow on from that that the names of other species would be lower-case too?

Author: But the other species are unique, we don't use those words in normal English.

Ref: [here](https://github.com/endless-sky/endless-sky/blob/569c093f7d72951689f14afab698e3ebd1191e73/data/hai/hai%20reveal%200%20prologue.txt#L691), or in fact, many places in HR. They all have Hai uppercase and human lowercase.

	spaceport `There are docking points all along the outer ring of the station, which quickly connect you to a surprisingly comfortable interior for a space station. Through the windows, you can see vehicles carrying goods and materials up and down the shafts connecting to the asteroid below.`
	outfitter "Naltok Intermediate"
	outfitter "Telashki Intermediate"

planet Shogteg
	attributes naltok research
	landscape land/desert4
	description `Though too hot to be habitable by most species, this planet nonetheless harbors a fairly diverse biosphere comprised entirely of temperature-tolerant bacteria. Most Naltok biotechnology can trace at least part of its design to the extremely thermostable proteins produced by the bacteria here.`
	spaceport `The spaceport here is quite small, with docking tubes that connect your ship directly to the largest of the research centers on this planet. Despite the hostile surface conditions, this planet is home to several such locations, as the work of identifying and sequencing every bacterial species here is still ongoing.`
	"required reputation" 25

planet Thosekrol
	attributes naltok
	landscape land/fields6

> 	description `Insofar as the Telashki have a capital, this is it. In addition to its population of nearly ten billion, Thosekrol is also home to the headquarters of the Ministry of War, the Ministry of Transport, and the Ministry of Minerals, with the addition of their second largest shipyards after Ngakego.`

Reviewer: I agree that the original isn't great, but 'with the addition of' doesn't feel right here either. I'd also like to specify more details about these shipyards, since an important point later in the campaign is that the shipyards here belong to the Ministry of Transport, while the ones on Ngakego are jointly owned by the Ministry of War and Ministry of Minerals. 
```suggestion
	description `Insofar as the Telashki have a capital, this is it. In addition to its population of nearly ten billion, Thosekrol is also home to the headquarters of the Ministry of War, the Ministry of Transport, and the Ministry of Minerals. The Ministry of Transport's shipyards are also here, and are second only to the shipyards on Ngakego in their scale.`
```

	description `Though too hot to be habitable by most species, this planet nonetheless harbors a fairly diverse biosphere comprised entirely of temperature-tolerant bacteria. Most Naltok biotechnology can trace at least part of its design to the extremely thermostable proteins produced by the bacteria here.`
	spaceport `The spaceport here is quite small, with docking tubes that connect your ship directly to the largest of the research centers on this planet. Despite the hostile surface conditions, this planet is home to several such locations, as the work of identifying and sequencing every bacterial species here is still ongoing.`
	"required reputation" 25

planet Thosekrol
	attributes naltok
	landscape land/fields6
	description `Insofar as the Telashki have a capital, this is it. In addition to its population of nearly ten billion, Thosekrol is also home to the headquarters of the Ministry of War, the Ministry of Transport, and the Ministry of Minerals, with the addition of their second largest shipyards after Ngakego.`
	description `	Rather than expanding outwards into the countryside, the cities here have been made taller and denser, leaving most of the planet untouched.`

> 	spaceport `The spaceport on Thosekrol is situated at the south pole, connected to the rest of the planet by an incredibly complex underground network of railways and canals. Even within the spaceport itself, there are a series of tiny passenger shuttles that efficiently transport visitors between the various shops and utilities.`

Reviewer: I did mean scuttles (referring to a type of light rail with small vehicles, generally running short connecting routes) but it seems that term is far less widely used than I thought, even within England, and even less so in the US.
I'll probably change this to say trams instead, that's probably the best fit without using regional English colloquialisms that are certainly out of line with ES' writing style.
Shuttle _can_ refer to the same thing, but within the context of ES it's likely to be confused for spacecraft/aircraft type things, particularly given that the Shuttle is also a ship.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	spaceport `The spaceport on Thosekrol is situated at the south pole, connected to the rest of the planet by an incredibly complex underground network of railways and canals. Even within the spaceport itself, there are a series of tiny trams that efficiently transport visitors between the various shops and utilities.`
```
